Update website to reference 5.10.2 (#4717)
alphagov/govuk-design-system: src/community/roadmap/index.md

## Recently shipped

We’ve released [GOV.UK Frontend v5.10.2](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/releases/tag/v5.10.2), which updates the spacing in the header when the navigation is not used, allowing the product name to stay on the same line as the logo for a wider variety of small screens.

Previously, we released [GOV.UK Frontend v5.10.1](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/releases/tag/v5.10.1), which fixes the colour of the dot in the refreshed GOV.UK logo, alongside small fixes to the implementation of the brand refresh.

> Previously, we released [GOV.UK Frontend v5.10.0](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/releases/tag/v5.10.0), which updates the GOV.UK header, GOV.UK footer, Service navigation and Cookie banner components to use the refreshed GOV.UK brand.

Reviewer: Avoiding the repetition of starting 2 paragraphs with previously 

```suggestion
On 1 May 2025, we released [GOV.UK Frontend v5.10.0](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/releases/tag/v5.10.0), which updates the GOV.UK header, GOV.UK footer, Service navigation and Cookie banner components to use the refreshed GOV.UK brand.
```
